Shreyan (#6)
bitprj/BitHeroesS20: blogp3.md

> #### **Welcome to Part 2. In this part, we will be just finishing up our logic app and uploading our files.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### **Welcome to Part 2. In this part, we will be finishing up our logic app and uploading our files.**
```

Author: Done

> Link your “blob” blocks to your storage account when prompted. The block names in the Part 1 image are explanatory about what each block does. The for-each loop iterates through each “value” in the form submission. You will find “value” and many other variables in the “Dynamic Content” Section. 

Reviewer: "The block names in the Part 1 image are explanatory about what each block does" is a bit patronizing
```suggestion
Link your “blob” blocks to your storage account when prompted. We will be going through the most important blocks and noting any changes you'll need to make. The for-each loop iterates through each “value” in the form submission. You will find “value” and many other variables in the “Dynamic Content” Section. 
```

> Link your “blob” blocks to your storage account when prompted. The block names in the Part 1 image are explanatory about what each block does. The for-each loop iterates through each “value” in the form submission. You will find “value” and many other variables in the “Dynamic Content” Section. 

Reviewer: also consider moving the screenshots from the end of part 1 here, since they're not actionable as part of that file but are on this one

      char suffix [SIZE + 5];
      sprintf(suffix, "%d", file_index);
      strcat(suffix, ".txt");
      strcat(prefix, suffix);
      printf("Now creating ");
      printf("%s\n", prefix);
      fp = fopen(prefix, "w+");
      fprintf(fp,"{\n \"formdata\": {\n\t\"blocked\": \"%s\",\n\t\"abandoned\": \"%s\",\n\t\"waitingtime\": \"%d\",\n\t\"problemarea\": \"%s\",\n\t\"issueresolved\": \"%s\",\n\t\"resolvetime\": \"%d\",\n\t\"calltime\": \"%d\",\n\t\"aftercallwork\": \"%d\",\n\t\"lname\": \"%s\",\n\t\"country\": \"%s\",\n\t\"subject\": \"%s\",\n},\n}",
      (yesno[choice3(2)]),
      (yesno[choice3(2)]),
      1 + rand()%10,
      (problemarea[choice3(5)]),
      (yesno[choice3(2)]),
      1 + rand()%10,
      1 + rand()%10,
      1 + rand()%10,
      (lastname[choice3(6)]),
      (callcenter[choice3(6)]),
      (comment[choice3(4)])
    );
      fclose(fp);
      strcpy(prefix, "data");

    }

}

int choice3 (int size){
  srand(time(0));
  return rand()%(size-1);
}
````

The code will create folders in your local directory. Upload these folders to the Azure Blob Storage container you are using to receive the form data. 

> See the results, enjoy, and customize to your needs!

Reviewer: add a screenshot of the intended output and visual state of the system. you can show them the results instead of just saying "see the results"

Author: Done
